Hello and welcome into this new section about the
as we see in the preview section we create our shared.
And this is our requirement step to discover the other future of the world.
And one of them is do the motion so let's discover the motion.
So we have to kind of the emotion we have a simple emotion and distort the motion.
So what is do simple the emotion or simply the motion.
So the motion is me great are getting your machine from a host to another host and the opposite from
the second host to do first hosts.
That's nice.
For example here we have a house number one and number two when we use the view we pick up this virtual
machine our life virtual machine.
That's me.
This machine is bounded on.
And we make great.
That's the right expression is to me get to this virtual machine to do SIGINT host for any reason for
example less resource in this house.
You want to move it to the other holes you want to put up this house for another kind of service you'll
need to migrate this machine from this house to another house in your data center to keep using it.
There are lots of situations that you need to integrate a virtual machine from a house to another house.
So this is the function of the machine.
Migrate this virtual machine that is powered on.
That's me in the service or the application is it in this virtual machine will still use it without
any problem.
Drawbars the process of moving this virtual machine from this house to another house and this is one
of the heights of ability function of the the motion.
So next door of the emotion we need some condition to do that.
The first one that we need is to the mission network config that's meant you need to have a configuration
for the different tools to do the motion.
If you remember in our preview section when we rebuild our home lab right there in the house Number
one we create the mission we do V.M. Carmel EPEAT 1 10.
If we check right now you will see that we enable do the motion service.
You see this VM can and what you did for the mission service we enable it click OK.
So we have the mission enabled in this host.
Then we do the same thing for the husband but two.
Number three all the host showed how the motion enabled it in one of the VM.
And we give it to a network adapter to have redundancy.
Like you said.
So this has to have the emotion will be able to execute the emotion inside it.
If we have another house that does not have the emotion inside it we can't run motion with that's.
So we need to make our network config for the ventilation traffic.
We did that in the previous section.
Then of course we need to have at least one virtual machine inside the host because the ventilation
work on a virtual machine.
So we need to have our virtual machine inside a house that we want to migrated so as you see here and
then we want to make grades of this machine from these hoes to other hosts.
So we do the motion traffic.
The second requirement that we need is to have ah Sherrod Stosh let's me Strozzi connected to the house
number one and to host them back to the house the top the virtual machine and the host that will get
the virtual machine inside.
That's mean shifts.
And of course the most important heard of it by using a shared interest is that the data of this virtual
machine should be stored in the shedded store and not in the local storage.
That's why we need assurance.
If we do drop out of this virtual machine that's mean the hard drive or an operating system etc. all
the data on this virtual machine should be saved in external storage.
That's mean to shed its trash.
That's me.
The body of this virtual machine and debatin only That's it in the house.
That's me in a virtual machine have a brain and a body.
The brain is the Sibiu and the brain.
They use it from the host and the body is split into shaded storage.
This is one of the condition of the machine the virtual machine should have a sieve it insisted it was
and you will see why we need this condition.
So then after the shedded straws we need to have similar Sippy family but I mean the hosts and br1 and
hosts and Budlong that will get Division machine should have similar Sibiu family as we know a virtual
machine or any operating system astonied in our laptop or our desktop.
When you change Sibiu the operations then need to update the driver of the new.
So for that if you migrate a virtual machine with this spew for example and to a modern machine that
is different you will have a problem.
Our pension system can't detect it do not see you need to update the driver in need to reboot to detect
it and work with the process.
For example some C.P. have different proses all spew at work with the process.
Didn't you have your process for example.
Is this machine.
Is this typical of the 64 bit.
And then the other hosts have only to do this of course it is impossible to have a 32 bit inside the
house that the is X but just an example to get an idea if you're McGeary it's a virtual machine from
a few of the 64 bit and operating system have 64 bits inside a Sibiu that's only stewpot the 32 bits.
This machine will not going to work.
That's why we need to have a similar Sibiu a family can always come on the moderate whiteman's but to
have the same model.
For example Intel if I live in this host are social and other hosts have an Intel 4:58 or Xian seven
or eight shawled the host should have the same 0 8 version but of course it's not a requirement.
It just are commanded to have the same model.
But we should have the same family that's me if I use Ghazwan right here should have zijn stupid.
Right there is and then C.P right.
The other host should have also an intent or I am ET.
So the same C.P for me but for different model.
We have a service of the VM and work on it.
E vc that's inherited the machine that will balance it between the different models and lets the virtual
machine migrated from the host want to host to without any problem and use this other spew even in a
different model or at different speed etc..
So this is due to a simple notion of the machine when you have all this equipment then you can migrate
the vitriol machine from the host weren't to the house number two perfectly.
And of course this machine will keep powered on without any problem and all your service will be available
without any problem.
So there we have the second kind of thing we shouldn't is storage the mission the mission is a simple
process but to me human grace only do storage of two virtual machine.
And as I said you're one of the requirements is that the virtual machine should have the data stored
in our shared storage and estimates but not in the McAllister's then the storage room we think will
be great that all of this virtual machine from the storage number what to do storage.
Number two and the machine will keep about it on without any problem.
Of course we have another kind of storage machine that's called the motion that's me the virtual machine
is bolted off.
Then you do the migration without any problem.
And in this case it's not a requirement to have a straight it's.
You can do it even from the local splodge you migrated from the local stores to a shared.
Then another local store without any problem.
So this is a defendant's valuation available in VM what will proxies do step in the next Vaduz and we'll
discover more about the motion.
So the next.